Congratulations on your wise decision to be the proud owner of Quester, enabling you to reach an extra mile. This
vehicle is delivered to you with confidence. It was produced using the latest technology and strict quality control.
Please read through the Owner's manual before you drive the truck for first time. This will ensure you to familiar with
the controls and maintenance procedures, assisting you in the safe operation providing room for efficient driving of the
vehicle. However the safety devices installed in the vehicle and the information provided does not form a replacement
for careful driving. The driver or user is totally responsible for the safety of self, vehicle and traffic, failing which UD
Trucks cannot be held responsible in any manner.
It is strongly recommended to use UD Genuine Parts and carry out all the periodic maintenance, service, repair at an
authorised UD Trucks dealer to prolong life of the vehicle and reduce maintenance cost. In order to keep the safety,
reliability and for the long life of the vehicle. UD Trucks recommends you to heed our advice about driving and care
of your vehicle. For all your queries on service, maintenance, genuine spares, oils, fluids and procedures, contact
your nearest authorised UD Trucks dealer.
All information, illustrations, operations, maintenance and data provided in this manual is based on the latest model
available during the preparation and printing of this manual. As a part of continuous product optimisation, UD Trucks
reserves the right to change, modify, remove or add features in the vehicles and manuals. This manual includes
information on all the options available in the truck for all models. Therefore you may find some information not
applicable for your truck model.
A separate warranty manual is provided along with this manual when purchasing the truck, explaining the warranty
details of your vehicle. The Owner’s manual and Warranty manual are an integral part of the vehicle. This forms a
basic record of your vehicle and should be maintained and retained in a proper manner with the vehicle at all time.
In the event of the vehicle being sold, please make sure that this manual is left in the vehicle for the new owner
reference.
Quester is equipped with software systems which record various information about the vehicle (machine/engine) and
this information is transferred from the vehicle to UD Trucks and used by UD Trucks and its authorised dealers in
the product development process and for possible malfunction detection.Rama killed Ravana with the help of Hanumana and Sugreeva.. The later is brother of Vali.. Rama realized his promise to help Sugreeva in defeating Vali in the fight between brothers.